updated pricing faq (#273)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/faq.md

## Billing / Pricing

#### Can I use Semgrep for free?

Yes, you can use the Semgrep CLI and Semgrep Community Tier for [free](https://semgrep.dev/getting-started)!

#### What are the differences between a free plan and the paid plans?

> Semgrep Community is great for individuals looking to quickly secure their public and private projects.

Reviewer: May want to add "and teams looking to explore and try out the product" here

Semgrep Team and Enterprise are best for larger organizations that require dedicated support and advanced functionality.

> You can find more on our [pricing page](http://semgrep.dev/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more on our [pricing page](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).
```

> #### Who is a user?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How many seats do I need?
```

> You can find more on our [pricing page](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more on the [pricing page](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).
```

> A user is any project contributor whose pull request or code is scanned during the billing period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One seat corresponds to one project contributor whose pull request or code is scanned during the billing period.
```

> One seat corresponds to one project contributor whose pull request or code is scanned during the billing period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One seat corresponds to one project contributor whose merge/pull request or code is scanned during the billing period.
```

> For example, if a project has 4 unique contributors who push code during the billing period and Semgrep runs on all their pull requests, there are 4 users. If these unique contributors commit to many projects, they will only be counted once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a project has 4 unique contributors who push code during the billing period and Semgrep runs on all their pull requests, that is counted as 4 seats. If these unique contributors commit to many projects, they will only be counted once.
```

> For example, if a project has 4 unique contributors who push code during the billing period and Semgrep runs on all their pull requests, that is counted as 4 seats. If these unique contributors commit to many projects, they will only be counted once.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if a project has 4 unique contributors who push code during the billing period and Semgrep runs on their merge/pull requests, 4 seats required. If these unique contributors commit to many projects within the same organization, they will only be counted once, so no additional seats are required.
```

Not sure if my edit about the same organization is correct or not?

#### How do I upgrade my plan?

> To upgrade to our Team tier, select the number of seats you wish to purchase and pay directly from the Settings page in Semgrep App!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upgrade to the Team tier, select the number of seats you wish to purchase and pay directly from the Settings page in Semgrep App!
```

> For custom pricing on our Enterprise tier, please contact us via the form on our [pricing page](http://semgrep.dev/pricing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Enterprise tier pricing, please contact us via the form on the [pricing page](http://semgrep.dev/pricing).
```

#### How do I pay for my plan?

We accept all major credit cards through [Stripe](https://stripe.com/). If you want to pay through a purchase order / invoice mechanism, you can also reach out to [billing@r2c.dev](mailto:billing@r2c.dev) to get in touch with our sales team.

> We will bill you every 30 days.

Reviewer: Is this true? Is it every 30 days or every month?

Author: fixed to say every month

One seat corresponds to one project contributor whose merge/pull request or code is scanned during the billing period.

> For example, if a project has 4 unique contributors who push code during the billing period and Semgrep runs on their merge/pull requests, 4 seats required. If these unique contributors commit to many projects within the same organization, they will only be counted once, so no additional seats are required.

Reviewer 2: @raghavjain3 my mistake, this should be “…merge/pull requests, 4 seats are required.”

(missing the _are_)
